Tracing fields should be at top level in Beats artifact (#1164)
elastic/ecs: CHANGELOG.next.md

#### Bugfixes

> * `tracing` fields should be at top level of Beats `fields.ecs.yml` artifacts. #1164

Reviewer: I think "root" is clearer.

```suggestion
* `tracing` fields should be at root of Beats `fields.ecs.yml` artifacts. #1164
```
